User privacy policy

Published: April 015, 2023

Effective date: April 015, 2023

Last updated: April 16, 2023

Dear users,

Welcome to use our products and services! The application is developed and operated by Shenzhen Dongchi Zhichuang Technology Co., LTD and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as the "Company").
The company knows the importance of user information to you, and will do our best to protect your user information safe and reliable.
Based on this, the Application Service Provider (hereinafter referred to as "We") formulates this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "This Policy"/" This Privacy Policy ") to help you fully understand that we are committed to maintaining your trust in us during your use of our products and abide by the following principles to protect your user information: The principle of consistency of power and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of consent by choice, the principle of minimum sufficient, the principle of ensuring safety, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc.
At the same time, we promise that we will according to the industry mature security standards, take appropriate security protection measures to protect your user information.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products/services.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. How will we collect and use your personal information
2. How will we store and protect your personal information
3. Your rights protection and response
4. Permissions we need to obtain in order to realize APP functions
5. How is this policy updated
6. How can I contact us

First, how will we collect and use your personal information

1.1. Why is your information and data collected
We may collect some of your personal information in order to complete the functions of our products/services, analyze online problems, and continuously improve the quality of our applications.

1.2. How to collect and use your personal information
If you use the business functions of our products/services, you need to provide us or allow us to collect the necessary information and data for the realization of the functions, including:
1.2.1. Global universal capabilities
To provide you with basic services, we need to collect your device hardware information (including hardware serial number, CPU information, device MAC address, model, and system version) and application information (including application ID, package name, and version).

1.2.2. Device Permission Description
1. Location permission: Map display location and WiFi connection services need to request location permission from you to use the function normally. If you refuse the permission, you will not be able to use the service.
2. Storage permission (read/write storage) : In order to save and view videos, photos and thumbnail files, we need to ask you for storage permission. If you refuse this permission, you will not be able to use this service.
If you want to cancel the authorization of the above rights, you can close it in the mobile phone Settings - Rights management, we will no longer obtain your corresponding rights, but this may affect the use of functions or services related to the corresponding necessary rights.
Please understand that the services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If you choose to use other services not covered by the above instructions, and we need to collect your information based on such services, we will separately explain the scope and purpose of information collection to you through the prompts on the page, the interactive process and the agreement, and obtain your consent. We will use, store, provide and protect your information in accordance with this Policy and the corresponding User Agreement. If you choose not to provide the above information, you may not be able to use one or some of the services, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by us.

Ii. How will we store and protect your personal information
In order to comply with laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, and to facilitate your query of relevant personal information, we will save the necessary information provided and generated by you in the process of using our products/services.

2.1. Storage area
Our products/services do not require user registration and login, and the data generated when you use our products/services is stored locally in the terminal.

2.2. Storage period and expiration processing
Unless otherwise required by law or regulation, we will retain your personal information for the shortest period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy. When your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information.
In addition, we will make every effort to protect your information security, including but not limited to security checks, use of encryption tools and software, and other reasonable security measures and procedures to protect your personal information. When we stop operating our services or you stop using our services, we will no longer collect and use any of your information and delete the stored information.

Third, your rights protection and response

1. Account cancellation channels and prescription

This product does not have the function of account registration and login.

2. Account Cancellation Guidelines

This product does not have the function of account registration and login.

Iv. Permissions we need to obtain in order to realize APP functions

1. Without your permission, we will not obtain any permission information from you. If you allow us, we may obtain the following permission:

(1) We need to obtain your wifi permission to judge the connection status of the UAV;

(2) We need to obtain your location permission for map display, follow, surround and navigation point functions of the UAV;

(3) We need to obtain your storage permission for saving your photos and videos;

(4) We need to obtain your microphone permission for the realization of voice control function;



2. All the permissions you have agreed to authorize can be withdrawn and all kinds of permissions can be closed in the list of withdrawal permissions management provided in this APP.

V. How to update this Policy

We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to time.
If the privacy policy is updated, we will publish the updated date and effective date in the app for you to check.
We will also provide more prominent notice of material changes involving the terms of the agreement.
After the content is changed, we will remind you of the latest version and effective time by means of page prompt, interactive process, signing a separate agreement, etc. You need to read it carefully before use, and re-authorize and agree to the new privacy policy (including for some services, we will send a notice or show you the agreement directly on the service page. Explain the specific changes to the personal information protection policy or re-obtain your authorization).

Six, how to contact us

1. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us at dczc007@163.com.
2. In order to ensure our efficient handling of your questions and timely feedback to you, in some cases we may require you to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written request and relevant evidence. We will process your request after verifying your identity.

Important note: Due to language translations, the Chinese version of the Privacy Statement shall prevail. By using our services, you agree to our Privacy Statement.
 